Doc changes for stack management and grouped feature privileges (#80486)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/security/authorization/index.asciidoc

[[xpack-kibana-role-management]]
=== {kib} role management

> To create a role that grants {kib} privileges, open the menu, go to *Stack Management > Security > Roles* and click **Create role**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a role that grants {kib} privileges, open the menu, then click *Stack Management > Roles* and click **Create role**.
```
